samples/pathbroadcasts/README.adoc, before:

= Path Broadcasts (Sample)

Deprecated functionality that uses "broadcasts" to collect extra paths with shell commands.

== DEPRECATION:
. Collection of "extra" path components slow down opening of normal sessions.
. User does not have control of collected path elements.
. Path are collected only when application is started.
  Exceptions are remote actions.
. Applications that run on Android 8.0 (Oreo, API Level 26) or higher no longer receive implicit broadcasts registered in their manifest.
  In transition period "broadcast" functionality will be restricted only to applications signed with the same certificate, i.e. "SecureBox".
. Android 10 (API Level 29) or higher removes execute permission from application home directory.
  So binaries that run on Android 10 (API Level 29) must be installed in write protected location.

== FUTURE:
* Broadcasts based path collection should be replaced with one based on intents send by external applications.
* External application, according to permissions, could send one or more path components, and environment variables.
* "TermOne Plus" will allows user to accept or refuse external application.
* Also "TermOne Plus" will allow user order path components sent.

Commit message:

add more details to deprecated "patch broadcasts" functionality
Use modification to mention sample with new model.

Related to #7, #48, #66.

samples/pathbroadcasts/README.adoc, after:

= Path Broadcasts (Sample)

Deprecated functionality that uses "broadcasts" to collect extra paths with shell commands.

== DEPRECATION:
. Collection of "extra" path components slow down opening of normal sessions.
. User does not have control of collected path elements.
. Path could be collected only when application is running.
  Exceptions are remote actions.
. Applications that run on Android 8.0 (Oreo, API Level 26) or higher no longer receive implicit broadcasts registered in their manifest.
  In transition period "broadcast" functionality will be restricted only to applications signed with the same certificate i.e., "SecureBox".
. Android 10 (API Level 29) or higher removes execute permission from application directory tree.
  So binaries that run on Android 10 (API Level 29) must be installed in write protected location.
. Application service
  A service could ensure running application.
  Android 8 (API Level 26) or higher must request foreground service.
  Subsequent Android releases add more restrictions to foreground services, for instance notifications.
  Android 14 (API Level 34) requires application to declare all foreground services with their service types and respective permissions.
  Google Play Store requires application that target (API Level 34) to provide video declaration that shows why application needs declared service types.


== FUTURE:
* See "AddOn" sample.
